README.md, before:

# v4_analysis

This software can perform analysis or generate locating arrays.

All commands are from the bash shell within the main directory.

COMPILE:
A Makefile exists for compilation. Simply type:
$ make
If any errors occur, you can clean with:
$ make clean

ANALYSIS:
The analysis part of the software requires a valid locating array file, factor data file, and responses directory.
You can execute it by typing:
$ ./Search [LocatingArray.tsv] [FactorData.tsv] analysis [ResponsesDirectory] [response_column] [1/0 - perform log on responses] [nTerms] [nModels] [nNewModels]

FIXLA: (NOT tested extensively with groupings but SHOULD work)
This section fixes broken locating arrays by successively adding more rows.
A score of the array is kept (lower is better, 0 is valid locating array).
The software will print lower and lower scores until it reaches 0 and the valid locating array will be written to a file.
Pros: creates a LA by definition
Cons: the LAs may barely be valid
$ ./Search [LocatingArray.tsv] [FactorData.tsv] fixla [FixedOutputLA.tsv]

MTFIXLA:
This section fixes broken locating arrays by adding chunks of rows and randomizing them.
The randomization follows the Moser-Tardos idea.
A special variable k specifies how many differences are required for every pair of columns in the CS matrix.
This then produces stronger LAs.

REORDERROWSLA:
Reorder rows in LA by contributions.
Rows at the top of the LA are the ones contributing most.
Rows at the bottom often have 0 contribution and can be completely removed.
Under development...

Examples:
The following performs analysis on the LARGE simulated dataset (13 factors per model) (50 and 50 works pretty well):
./Search LA_LARGE.tsv Factors_LARGE.tsv analysis responses_LARGE Throughput 1 13 50 50
The following creates a locating array for the LARGE simulated dataset:
$ ./Search LA_LARGE_HEADER.tsv Factors_LARGE.tsv fixla OUT.tsv

Commit message:

Updated README slightly, but lots more work to do. Added LA_Antwerp16.tsv and FD/Factors_Antwerp16.tsv to illustrate constraint groups and v2.0 LAs

README.md, after:

# v4_analysis

This software can perform analysis or generate locating arrays.

All commands are from the bash shell within the main directory.

Locating array examples are included in the LA/ directory.
Locating array format used by the software has changed over time, and a version on the first line of the LA is required for the software to accept it.
The LA version used by the software can be found in the LocatingArray.h header file.
Not all LAs in the LA/ directory use the latest version format (most use earlier versions at the time of writing).
This software only ckecks the first line of a LA to protect from version mistakes, and then assumes any LA passed as an argument is a correctly formatted locating array.
If a wrongly formatted locating array is passed to the software, undefined behavior will occur; often the software simply crashes.
The software is NOT tolerant to any mistakes in LA format.

COMPILE:
A Makefile exists for compilation. Simply type:
$ make
If any errors occur, you can clean with:
$ make clean

SEARCH:
Usage: ./Search [LocatingArray.tsv] ([FactorData.tsv]) ...
Compilation generates an executable that can be run using ./Search.
The executable requires, in general, 2 files: a locating array (LA) file and a factor data (FD) file.
The LA file uses factor and level indices that can be decoded by the FD file.
In addition, the FD file indicates if factors have numeric levels (useful for constraints) and what the float values are for each level.
Optionally, an empty string ("") can be provided instead of a FD file, and the software will assign all factors and (non-numeric) levels generic names (F0, F1, L0, L1...).
The seed used for all random samples throughout execution is obtained from the current time and printed immediately after execution begins.

ANALYSIS:
The analysis part of the software requires a valid locating array file, factor data file, and responses directory.
You can execute it by typing:
$ ./Search [LocatingArray.tsv] [FactorData.tsv] analysis [ResponsesDirectory] [response_column] [1/0 - perform log on responses] [nTerms] [nModels] [nNewModels]

FIXLA: (NOT tested extensively with groupings but SHOULD work)
This section fixes broken locating arrays by successively adding more rows.
A score of the array is kept (lower is better, 0 is valid locating array).
The software will print lower and lower scores until it reaches 0 and the valid locating array will be written to a file.
Pros: creates a LA by definition
Cons: the LAs may barely be valid
$ ./Search [LocatingArray.tsv] [FactorData.tsv] fixla [FixedOutputLA.tsv]

MTFIXLA:
This section fixes broken locating arrays by adding chunks of rows and randomizing them.
The randomization follows the Moser-Tardos idea.
A special variable k specifies how many differences are required for every pair of columns in the CS matrix.
This then produces stronger LAs.

REORDERROWSLA:
Reorder rows in LA by contributions.
Rows at the top of the LA are the ones contributing most.
Rows at the bottom often have 0 contribution and can be completely removed.
Under development...

Examples:
The following performs analysis on the LARGE simulated dataset (13 factors per model) (50 and 50 works pretty well):
./Search LA_LARGE.tsv Factors_LARGE.tsv analysis responses_LARGE Throughput 1 13 50 50
The following creates a locating array for the LARGE simulated dataset:
$ ./Search LA_LARGE_HEADER.tsv Factors_LARGE.tsv fixla OUT.tsv
